So we have this function get the Course in for we're passing discours which is the complete God.
We're going to make some money.
We're going to write a code that is going to extract decode information.
So we're going to remove these and remove these and here's what I've got I create an object word and
I create an object with the Course data.
So it's going to be like this concert goers.
And it's going to be equals to the obvious.
Remember the object and the array they have difference.
But one of these is that the object will have these reraises and so will have these properties.
So what's going on out you match.
The match is going to be equal to the course.
Remember we're passing the complete card.
So that's going to be available in the world.
The content is going to be available and we can use the selector selector.
We cannot for example AMG and I mean the path to the match so we can see then where the comma in the
title of the course are going of course.
Again the selector Angua are going to see for example fears so Bindi's and you can see the title of
the Course is using it for sort of an average for Gomory rehearing what we're going to have the price.
Price is equal of course.
What is the electoral gain and the prize that we are in the rest.
Is this when you say this ban so we're going to the selector last prize and it's so this ban.
We need to out that OxyContin here and therefore we also need to.
It can't be fixed content and thoughts and things like this.
We need only the data.
And the other way we were going to extract also the task and finally went through out there a the if
you take a look here on the anchor we have these three that is called data the so we're going to have
the it's going to be cost of course.
I thought the selector we were going to select the anchor.
Dang where going to get the attribute get attribute incident to the data that ID.
So then we can send this to the console just to check.
Or of course 18:4 save these including one of these and you can see we have the or you can see we have
the ID Number two we had to have the match the price and the title is this cooking course.
So the idea is looking nice.
So now that we have this week I'm going to call another function insert into the shopping cart.
And this is going to be called into.
Got it.
We're going to pass this up.
So we need to write this function.
This is going to display this elective course into the shopping cart.
So we need to write this function function.
And this is going to take a course also so and this object is going to be passed into this function
as well.
And then we're going to create our if you take a look on the index and scroll to the top what we're
looking for this shopping cart.
This is the.
It contains this table and we have this table body at the moment.
This is empty but we're going to insert the is the courses right here.
And we need to use the word row for each of the courses that we're going to out into the shopping cart.
What happened at the concert it's going to be cornstalk role in the center of this a little.
Then this is going to be equal to document.
And we're going to use again create element what we're going to create a table row and then we're going
to be a template from the course of a week that we pass into the function.
So what we're going to use grow that what we're going to use in addition to man this is going to bring
in the mail from this template a string or template literal some ladies remember to use the back tip
and single quotes doesn't work with them literals.